quante is obsessed with princesses loves
anything and anything that makes her
look glamorous she has a lot of medical
issues and you wouldn't know it by you
just by watching it today but a lot of
serious issues and she always tries to
stay upbeat so we are here today at
Church Point Manor in Virginia Beach to
grant
cuantos wish to be a princess for a day
and have a tea party celebration and she
said she'd really loved to be a princess
to see a princess and to sing with the
princess so that's kind of how we came
up with let's make her a princess for
the day and there's a bunch of surprises
for her along that day she will also
have a photo shoot done the only thing
that we asked was that if she could get
some hair because she's got what they
call it ventricular shunt so she
normally has short hair and we used by
rats and things she's been flipping her
hair and it's just been wonderful she
has all of these issues and everything
you would never know it by her but she
constantly makes contact with people
we're so excited we don't usually get to
grant the wish we usually help fund the
wishes so this is a real honor and treat
for us these are kids and they go
through so much and to be able to give
them a little bit of joy a fantastic
memory
that's what we want to do it really can
be a life-changing moment for that child
as well as for their family the whole
day that she's given this renewed sense
of hope and strength for her to battle
through her medical condition we do her
meds and it takes about an hour in the
morning in an hour at night and that's
how I talk time and I'm sure I'll be
hearing about this for a long time which
is great